feat: add genai policy to templates (#288)
pyOpenSci/software-submission: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/submit-software-for-review.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note: JOSS accepts our review as theirs. You will NOT need to go through another full review. JOSS will only review your paper.md file. Be sure to link to this pyOpenSci issue when a JOSS issue is opened for your package. Also be sure to tell the JOSS editor that this is a pyOpenSci reviewed package once you reach this step. Please note that the PyOpenSci reviewers will not be reviewing the paper.md file_
```

Linter error bc we've already used underscores for italics in this file. Believe it's just a consistency check

## Code of Conduct & Commitment to Maintain Package

- [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in maintaining my package after should it be accepted.
- [ ] I have read and will commit to package maintenance after the review as per the [pyOpenSci Policies Guidelines][Commitment].

> ## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 

[Read our full generative ai policy here.](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/policies.html#disclosure-of-generative-ai-use-in-pyopensci-reviewed-packages)
```

- [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  
- [ ] All code in this package has been **carefully reviewed by a human**. Its implementation is also understood by the authors submitting the package.  
- [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   
- [ ] **Generative AI tools were used to develop and maintain this package.**   

> 
> ### Please list the tools and frameworks that you used below (Examples include Claude Code, Cursor, OpenClaw, ChatGPT, VSCode + Copilot)
> 
> ### Describe the nature and scope of support that LLMs provided. Examples include code generation, autocomplete, documentation development, refactoring, test development
> 
> ## Description

Author: ```suggestion

### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below:

- _Your link here (remove this line if you don't have a link)_

## Description
```

## Code of Conduct & Commitment to Maintain Package

- [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in maintaining my package after should it be accepted.
- [ ] I have read and will commit to package maintenance after the review as per the [pyOpenSci Policies Guidelines][Commitment].

## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 

[Read our full generative ai policy here.](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/policies.html#disclosure-of-generative-ai-use-in-pyopensci-reviewed-packages)
- [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  
- [ ] All code in this package has been **carefully reviewed by a human**. Its implementation is also understood by the authors submitting the package.  

> - [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). [Learn more]() 
```

- [ ] **Generative AI tools were used to develop and maintain this package.**   

### Please list the tools and frameworks that you used below (Examples include Claude Code, Cursor, OpenClaw, ChatGPT, VSCode + Copilot)

### Describe the nature and scope of support that LLMs provided. Examples include code generation, autocomplete, documentation development, refactoring, test development

### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below:

> - _Your link here (remove this line if you don't have a link)_

Reviewer 2: ``` suggestion
 _[Your link here](foo.com) (remove this line if you don't have a link)_
```

- [ ] I agree to abide by [pyOpenSci's Code of Conduct][PyOpenSciCodeOfConduct] during the review process and in future interactions in spaces supported by pyOpenSci should it be accepted.
- [ ] I have read and will commit to package maintenance after the review as per the [pyOpenSci Policies Guidelines][Commitment].

## Development Best Practices & GenerativeAI Use Disclosure 

[Read our full generative ai policy here.](https://www.pyopensci.org/software-peer-review/our-process/policies.html#disclosure-of-generative-ai-use-in-pyopensci-reviewed-packages)

> - [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- [ ] This package has a public development history spanning 3-6 months, with commits distributed over time that reflect **iterative, thoughtful development.**  
```

Linter error, blank lines needed around lists

- [ ] All code in this package has been **carefully reviewed by a human**. Its implementation is also understood by the authors submitting the package.  
- [ ] All communication on this issue will be written by a human (someone on your maintainer team). We embrace the use of LLMs for translation and grammar correction. We prefer honest interactions over ones that prioritize perfect language and grammar. As little aid from a LLM as possible.   
- [ ] **Generative AI tools were used to develop and maintain this package.**   

### Please list the tools and frameworks that you used below (Examples include Claude Code, Cursor, OpenClaw, ChatGPT, VSCode + Copilot)

### Describe the nature and scope of support that LLMs provided. Examples include code generation, autocomplete, documentation development, refactoring, test development

> ### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If you have a policy around generative AI use in your project, please provide a link to it below
```

Linter error, no trailing punctuation in headings
